I love deadlines.  I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.  -Douglas Adams

I don't have an Attitude problem - I just have a Personality you can't handle.  -Unknown

I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade...  And try to find somebody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.  -Ron White

Pick one: Gym Floor  -or-  Hospital Floor.  -Unknown

Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.  -Mark Twain

Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.  -Benjamin Franklin

A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advise.  -Bill Cosby

Remember: Fat lasts longer than flavor.  

Unless you puke, faint, or die: Keep Going!  -Unknown

I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.  -Lily Tomlin

My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to pursuade my wife to marry me.  -Winston Churchill

Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.  -Mae West

Strong is the new Skinny.  -Unknown

A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat.  -Ema Bombeck

Go to Heaven for climate, Hell for the company.  -Mark Twain

Do not worry about avoiding temptation, as you grow older it will avoid you.  -Jody Adams

If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.  -Albert Einstein

Any kid will run any errand for you, if you ask at bedtime.  -Red Skelton

A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.  A successful woman is one who can find such a man.  -Lana Turner

Life is short ...  Running makes it seem longer.  -Baron Hansen

Life loves the liver of it.  -Maya Angelou

To live is the rarest thing in the world.  Most people exist, that is all.  -Oscar Wilde

Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass.  It's about learning how to dance in the rain...  -Vivian Greene

Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.  -Helen Keller

I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full.  Scratch where it itches.  -Alice Roosevelt Longworth

The shoe that fits one person pinches another, there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.  -Carl Jung

When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.  -Mark Twain

Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more; it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.  -William Shakespeare

You don't have to be Great to start, but You have to start To be great.  -Zig Ziglar

Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.  -Albert Einstein

What you do TODAY can improve your TOMORROWS.  -Unknown

Think you won't make a difference with one run?   You won't make any difference doing nothing.  -Unknown

The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow.  Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.  -Eminem

Love is always bestowed as a gift -- freely, willingly and without expectation.  We don't love to be loved, we love to love.  -Leo Buscaglia

Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.  -John Lennon

I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.  This makes it hard to plan the day.  -E. B. White

Change is the law of life.  And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future  -John F. Kennedy

Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with orser and attended to with dilgence.  -Abigail Adams

Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of he future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.  -Buddha

Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, and a tragedy for the poor.  -Sholom Aleichem

Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.  -Soren Kierkegaard

Whether you: Think you can, or  Think you can't,  YOU'RE RIGHT.  -Henery Ford

You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.  -Mae West

Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.  -William James

Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.  The world owess you nothing, it was here first.  -Mark Twain

A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.  -George Bernard Shaw

Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.  -Pablo Picasso

All life is an experiment.  The more experiments you make the better.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson

Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.  -Teddy Roosevelt

Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.  -Bob Riley

Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.  -Roy T. Bennett

The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  -Walt Disney

The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  -Walt Disney

He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes;  he who does not ask stays a fool forever.  -Chinese Proverb

The more arguments you win, the less friends you have.  -American proverb

It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.  -Voltaire

It’s only those who do nothing who make no mistakes.  -Joseph Conrad

Either you choose to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out in the ocean.  -Christopher Reeve

When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.  -Franklin D. Roosevelt

Most of the important things in the world have been done by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.  -Dale Carnegie

No matter how long the night, the morning will come.  -African proverb

You have two hands.  One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.  -Audrey Hepburn

Mix a little foolishness with your wisdom.  It's good to be foolish at the right time.  -Horace

Let him that would move the world, first move himself.  -Socrates

Moving mountains starts with a good shovel.  -Anonymous

The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.  -Donald Kendall

God gives every bird his worm; but he does not throw it into the nest.  -Swedish Proverb

Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.  -German Proverb

All work and no play makes Jack a boring boy and Jill a rich widow.  -Evan Esar

It’s true hard work never killed anyone; but I say why take the chance?  -Ronald Reagan

Don't open a shop unless you like to smile.  -Chinese proverb

Eat and drink with relatives; but only do business with strangers.  -Greek proverb

Price is what you pay. Worth is what you get.  -Warren Buffett

The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you’re still a rat.  -Lily Tomlin

He who is carried on another's back does not think about how far off the town is.  -African proverb

Time is not money. Time is far more important than that; time is life.  -Anonymous

Because we do not have money, we have been forced to think.  -Ernest Rutherford

Thanks to highways, it is now possible to travel from one side of the country to the other without seeing anything.  -Charles Kuralt

To do great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.  -Anatole France

Don’t let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.  -Richard L. Evans

Do the hard jobs first.  The easy jobs will take care of themselves.  -Dale Carnegie

The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.  -William James

The road up and the road down are one and the same.  -Heraclitus







